[melodic whistling]
[smacking]
[exhaling deeply]
thump!
both: WHOA!
- ♪ HERE WE GO 'CAUSE WE'RE
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
♪ A LITTLE CUCKOO,
♪ WE'RE AMAZING
TOTALLY CRAZY ♪
♪ FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY, SING ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA SCREAM
AT THE TOP OF OUR LUNGS ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA FLY
AND HAVE SOME FUN ♪
♪ WE DON'T CARE IF YOU STARE ♪
♪ OR EVEN
LOOK AT OUR UNDERWEAR ♪
both: ♪ BRAIN ♪
♪ FREEZE ♪
♪ OOH ♪
♪ BRAIN FREEZE! ♪
- ♪ BUH-BUH, BAH,
BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH, BAH-BAH,
BUH, BAH-BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH-BAH,
BUH-BAH, BAH ♪
♪ COME AND SCREAM
AT THE TOP OF YOUR LUNGS ♪
♪ COME AND FLY
AND HAVE SOME FUN ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH, BAH,
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
both: OH!
- THAT'S NICE.
[sinister music]
♪ ♪
[school bell rings]
[chomping]
- WHAT DO YOU SAY,
CHUM CHUM?
HOW ABOUT
A BRIEF WALK ON THE MOON?
- ROGER THAT.
[air hisses]
doomp! doomp!
[both gasping]
[school bell rings]
[students chatter]
[clumsy cosmic music]
♪ ♪
- HEY.
THE MOON IS PINK.
- WEIRDOES.
tink! tink!
splat!
- KEHH, UH, WATCH OUT
FOR THE MOON CREATURES.
THEY APPEAR TO BE HOSTILE.
splat!
[chomping]
- 12 YEARS TO RETIREMENT.
12 YEARS TO RETIREMENT.
- IT'S MR. MUFFLIN.
QUICK, HIDE YOUR GUM.
BUT BE COOL.
AAH!
squish!
[alarm sounds]
[gasps]
- WAIT,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT IS THAT HORRIBLE MUSIC?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [moaning]
[neck cracks]
- HMM.
HUH?
- SOMEONE SET OFF MY GUM ALARM.
- WHO ARE YOU?
MR. POOPATINE?
[laughter]
HE SAID "POOP."
- POOP.
- [groans]
- [gasping]
- IT'S JANITOR POOPATINE.
BUT YOU CAN CALL ME
RUSS.
SINCE THE DAWN OF MY CAREER,
I HAVE VOWED TO DESTROY GUM
IN EVERY CORNER
OF THE GALAXY...
HILLS SCHOOL DISTRICT.
AND NOW,
YOUNG GUM CHEWERS,
YOU WILL SEE WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU CHEW GUM
IN MY SCHOOL.
clink! clink!
beep!
AH, YES.
AND NOW, GUM,
YOU WILL DIE.
[crackling]
[hissing]
- [frightened laughter]
- YOU MONSTER.
- [muttering]
- UH, JANITOR POOPATINE.
THERE'S NO PAPER TOWELS
IN THE TEACHER'S WASHROOM.
- OH, I THINK YOU'LL FIND
THE HAND AIR DRYER
IS FULLY OPERATIONAL.
- WHEW.
LUCKILY, HE DIDN'T FIND THE GUM
INSIDE OUR DESK.
- YEAH, HE WOULD HAVE TAKEN
OUR BABY.
- IT'S OKAY, YUM YUM.
HE'S GONE NOW.
sproing!
- AND WE'RE GONNA TAKE YOU HOME,
WHERE THE MEAN MAN
CAN'T GET YOU.
- "AND IN TIME,
THE LITTLE BEAR LEARNED TO WALK
ON ONE LEG."
THE END.
- NIGHT-NIGHT, YUM YUM.
ARTIFICIALLY SWEET DREAMS.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [yawning]
OOH.
AH.
A NEW DAY.
boing!
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET UP
AND PLAY WITH--
AAH!
GABBA, GABBA, GABBA, GABBA.
HE'S GONE.
YUM YUM IS GONE.
- SOMEBODY STOLED
OUR YUM YUM.
- WAAH, WAAH, WAAH, WAAH, WAAH,
WAAH, WAAH, WAAH, WAAH, WAAH
splat!
[echoing]
YUM YUM!
W-W-W-W-W-W-WHA--
[toilet flushes]
both: HUH?
- HUH?
- HMM?
- [laughs]
YUM YUM SAY NOT GO IN THERE
FOR A WHILE.
both:
YUM YUM?
ding!
YUM YUM!
- [gulping]
[both giggling]
YUM YUM DRINK
ALL THE COW JUICE.
[belches]
splat!
- YOU'RE ALIVE!
- AND WE'RE GONNA BE
BEST FRIENDS.
[both sighing]
[groans]
I THINK HE LIKES US.
[laughter]
[squeaking]
pop!
KYLE, KYLE!
THIS IS OUR NEW FRIEND YUM YUM.
WE MADE HIM OUT OF GUM.
- THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
YOU COULD MAKE A FRIEND.
ZING.
- I BET YOU WISH YOU HAD
A FRIEND MADE OF GUM.
- THIS MORNING,
I CONJURED UP A SCRIVENER ELF
TO HELP ME WITH MY STUDIES.
HE DASHED OFF THREE BOOK REPORTS
IN THE TIME IT TOOK ME
TO EAT MY PORRIDGE.
- OUR FRIEND FARTS BUBBLES.
[door slams]
- YAY!
YUM YUM IN SCHOOL.
- YUM YUM!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- YUM YUM MISS BEST PALS,
JIM JIM AND FRIENDBOY.
[gasps]
- NO!
YOU'LL SET OFF THE...
squish!
[alarm sounds]
both:
GUM ALARM!
- [groaning]
- WATCH OUT,
YOU GOOEY CLOD.
OW.
- EHH.
SORRY.
[alarm continues]
- [muttering]
YOU HAVE GROWN STRONG,
RUST STAIN.
[alarm sounds]
THE GUM ALARM.
- [beeps and whirs]
- PATIENCE, BRENDA.
WE WILL FIND THE GUM CHEWERS.
AND WHEN WE DO,
WE WILL CRUSH THEIR REBELLION.
- [beeps and whirs]
- YOU'RE RIGHT, BRENDA.
FIRST, WE MUST REFILL
THE PINK POWDERED SOAP.
[chair beeps]
[alarm continues]
- NOW THIS IS MUSIC.
IT'S GOT A FUNKY BEAT.
♪ MM, MM,
MM-HMM, HMM ♪
- WE'VE GOT TO GET YUM YUM
OUT OF HERE
BEFORE THE JANITOR CATCHES HIM.
- LOOK!
I'M BEING ABDUCTED.
SCRIVENER ELF.
QUICK.
HAND ME MY BOOK OF SPELLS.
- I'M ON BREAK.
- NO SIGN OF THE JANITOR.
LET'S GO.
- ♪ GUM, GUM, GUM,
GUM, GUM, GUM ♪
♪ GUM-GUM ♪
- THERE'S THE EXIT.
COME ON.
HIDE;
IT'S POOPATINE.
- POOP.
- HMM.
[chair beeps]
[wheels squeak]
[all exhale]
- AHH.
PAIN.
CURSE YOU,
STATE CHAMPION JAVELIN TEAM.
AND SHOT PUT TEAM.
[loud clanging]
- [gasps]
[clanging continues]
- [beeps and whirs]
- YES, BRENDA.
I HEARD IT TOO.
- WHEW.
I THINK WE'RE GOOD.
[machine whirs]
HUH?
[shrieks]
- WELL, WELL, WELL.
WHAT A PITIFUL LITTLE BAND.
- NOT SO FAST,
POOPATINE.
IF YOU WANT TO TAKE YUM YUM,
YOU'LL HAVE TO GET
THROUGH ME FIRST.
[groans]
AAH!
thump!
THAT HURTS.
- NOW YOUR GUM
WILL PAY THE PRICE
FOR YOUR DISOBEDIENCE.
- UGGH.
AAH!
- UM, TECHNICALLY,
I NEVER CHEWED THE GUM,
BECAUSE IT--AAH!
STICKS TO MY BRACES.
[both groaning]
- NO.
- DON'T TAKE OUR FRIEND.
[water running]
- FULLY OPERATIONAL, HUH?
WELL, I'LL BE THE JUDGE OF THAT.
thwump!
crash!
AAH!
[bubbling]
- EVERYTHING
THAT HAS TRANSPIRED
HAS DONE SO
ACCORDING TO MY DESIGN.
- YUM YUM,
I LOVE YOU.
- ME KNOW.
- [evil laughter]
HMM?
- AAH!
AAH.
- WHAAA?
- AAH!
[hissing and bubbling]
- UH, UH.
WHOA!
- YAY, YUM YUM.
- YEAH.
- YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
- MUFFLIN, GIVE ME YOUR HAND.
- MY HANDS ARE STILL WET,
THANK YOU.
- JUST WIPE THEM ON YOUR--
AAAAAH!
HMM.
sproing!
AAH!
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
SOMEONE, PULL ME UP.
- SURE.
AS SOON AS YOU SAY
THAT GUM'S ALLOWED IN SCHOOL.
- NEVER!
snap!
- OH!
OOH.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR PRECIOUS GUM.
- EVEN GUMBALLS?
- YES.
- AND BRAIN BUBBLES?
- AND A-B-C GUM?
♪ ALREADY BEEN CHEWED ♪
- YES.
- TRIPLE BUBBLE?
- YES!
- CRAZY CHEW?
- LAZY CHEW.
- KOO-KOO-KA-CHEW?
- ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR GUM
AND CHEW IT TOO.
[together]
YAY!
- BUT NO TAFFY.
- EH.
WE CAN LIVE WITH THAT.
- WELL, NOT ALL TAFFIES.
JUST SALTWATER.
IT DAMAGES BRENDA'S PIPES,
YOU UNDERSTAND.
[wheels squeak]
- HELLO?
I'M IN THE CHASM HERE.
ANYONE?
IT'S THE BIG ONE
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FLOOR.
CAN'T MISS IT.
[quirky electronic music]
♪ ♪
- AND I'M GONNA INVENT A ROBOT
FILLED WITH CANDY.
THEN I'M GONNA INVENT
ANOTHER ROBOT
WITH A STICK THAT HITS IT.
- OOH, AND THEN THE CANDY
WILL FALL OUT,
AND MY ROBOT
WILL PICK IT ALL UP.
- FACE IT, CHUM CHUM.
PIÑATAS ARE GOING ROBOTIC,
SO WE MIGHT AS WELL GET
ON BOARD NOW.
- WHA?
OH, NO, NO.
NOT TODAY.
- YAY, LENNY!
WHAT HAS FOUR THUMBS
AND LOVES FROSTY FREEZY FREEZE?
FUH-ANBOY.
- AAAND CHUM CHUM.
- STOP RIGHT THERE.
I TOLD YOU COSTUMED GOOFBALLS,
DON'T COME IN THIS STORE
WITHOUT MONEY.
- MONEY, MONEY, MONEY.
CHUM CHUM, ARE YOU FAMILIAR
WITH THIS, UM...
WHAT WAS IT CALLED AGAIN, LENNY?
- MONEY.
- MM.
OH, I GOT NOTHING.
- UH, SORRY, LENNY,
WE REALLY DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT THIS "MONEY"
YOU SPEAK OF,
UNLESS IT LOOKS
SOMETHING LIKE...
THIS.
BAM!
- BLING BLING.
- ♪ A DOLLAR ♪
both: ♪ UH-HUH, UH-HUH ♪
♪ A DOLLAR ♪
♪ UH-HUH, UH-HUH ♪
- ♪ CAN YOU BEND IT? ♪
- ♪ YES ♪
- ♪ GONNA SPEND IT? ♪
- ♪ IT LOOKS GOOD ♪
- ♪ MM-HMM ♪
- ♪ IT TASTES WEIRD ♪
- ♪ YEAH ♪
- ♪ DO THE MONEY DANCE ♪
♪ DO THE MONEY DANCE,
DO THE MONEY DANCE ♪
♪ DO THE AH ♪
♪ AH, AH ,
CAN YOU FEEL IT? ♪
- ♪ I FEEL IT ♪
- ♪ AH, AH, AH ♪
- OH, GREAT.
NUH-NEE-NER.
MY STRESS TWITCH IS BACK.
NERR.
- [gasps]
both:
FROSTY FREEZE FREEZE!
- FIVE, FOUR, THREE, TWO...
- [groans]
NO, GET BACK HERE
AND PICK UP THESE--
HEY!
USE A CUP!
- THANK YOU, LENNY.
- [sighs]
- HELLO, LUCY.
YOU LOOK LOVELY TODAY.
MISS ME?
'CAUSE I MISSED YOU.
OOH.
[laughs]
FEELING PLAYFUL.
AND NOW FOR THE FINISHING TOUCH.
[squishing]
CHUM CHUM, LOOK.
I MADE A SMILEY FACE.
[laughs]
- [chuckles]
SWEET.
HE'S ALL SMILEY AND STUFF.
MY TURN.
[squishing]
- "STAY COOL.
CHUM CHUM."
[laughter]
- YOU LIKE THAT?
- TWO SMALL
FROSTY FREEZY FREEZE.
WHAT A SHOCKER.
ANYTHING ELSE?
- HMM.
HOW'S THE JERKY TODAY, LEONARD?
[sniffs]
EWW.
DOMESTIC.
I THINK JUST THE DRINKS,
THANK YOU.
- $1.
- OF COURSE.
CHUM CHUM.
UH, CHUM CHUM.
DAAH!
OUR DOLLAR!
NO!
SORRY.
BE RIGHT BACK.
- PLAYER ONE, BEGIN.
YOU LOSE.
- YAY!
- CHUM CHUM,
WHAT DID YOU DO?
THAT WAS OUR ONLY DOLLAR.
- OR WAS IT?
- YES, AND YOU SPENT IT.
- OR DID I?
- YES!
I SAW YOU PUT IT
IN THE MACHINE.
- OR DID YOU?
- WHY DO YOU KEEP TALKING
LIKE THAT?
- 'CAUSE I LOST OUR ONLY DOLLAR!
- WE HAVE NO MONEY.
WE HAVE NO MONEY.
DON'T YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS?
WE'VE TAKEN SOMETHING
WE CAN'T PAY FOR.
THAT'S STEALING.
THEY HAVE A NAME
FOR PEOPLE WHO STEAL.
THEY'RE CALLED...
[gulps]
STEALERS!
- [gasps]
STEALERS ARE BAD PEOPLE.
I CAN'T BE A BAD PEOPLE.
- HELLO?
WEIRDOES.
REMEMBER ME?
I'M THE GUY
YOU OWE A DOLLAR TO.
- UH, WHAT?
ONE SECOND.
[laughs nervously]
OKAY, CALM DOWN.
LET'S THINK.
THERE HAS TO BE SOME WAY
OUT OF THIS.
WAIT.
ding!
crash!
I GOT IT.
WE'LL JUST POUR
OUR FROSTY FREEZY FREEZES
BACK INTO THE MACHINE
AND TELL LENNY
WE CHANGED OUR MINDS.
WE CAN CHANGE OUR MINDS.
PEOPLE CHANGE THEIR MINDS
ALL THE TIME.
- [slurping]
- CHUM CHUM!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- HMM?
OH, SORRY,
COULDN'T HEAR YOU.
SLURPING.
- OH, THIS IS BAD.
THIS IS BAD.
WE'VE GOT TO FIND A WAY
TO GET A DOLLAR.
[door chimes]
- HUH?
- SERIOUSLY, WHAT'S UP?
THE NAME IS OZ.
I DO BELIEVE
YOU'RE HOLDING A PACK
OF STRAWBERRY FUN FINGERS
FOR ME.
- YES.
IT'S THE OZ MAN.
HE'LL SAVE US.
both:
OZ, OZ, OZ, OZ, OZ.
- YEAH, WE DON'T REALLY GET
A LOT OF PEOPLE
CALLING AHEAD TO RESERVE SNACKS.
- SERIOUSLY?
WEIRD.
[laughter]
- OZ, YOU GOT TO HELP US.
- WE HAD A DOLLAR,
BUT THEN WE SPENT A DOLLAR.
- NOW WE NEED A DOLLAR,
AND WE DON'T HAVE A DOLLAR.
- AND IF YOU HAVE A DOLLAR,
YOU COULD GIVE US A DOLLAR.
- AND WE'D HAVE A DOLLAR, AND WE
COULD GIVE LENNY A DOLLAR.
- SO CAN WE HAVE A DOLLAR?
both: PLEASE.
- GUYS, GUYS.
HANDS OFF THE MERCHANDISE.
SERIOUSLY.
COME ON,
HOW LONG HAVE YOU KNOWN ME?
DON'T I ALWAYS LOOK AFTER
MY YOUTHFUL WARDS?
I'LL SIMPLY MAKE MY PURCHASES
AND GIVE YOU THE CHANGE.
THE OZ WILL TAKE CARE OF YOU.
both: THANK YOU,
THANK YOU, THANK YOU,
THANK YOU,
THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
- NOW PLEASE STEP BACK.
YOU'RE STANDING ON MY DUSTER.
- ONE STRAWBERRY FUN FINGERS.
THAT'LL BE--
- HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
PUT THE CAR IN PARK, CLARK.
I'M IMPULSE BUYING HERE.
I'LL ALSO TAKE...
HMM...
TWO ONION BALLS,
A FEW CHOCO LOGS,
A CHERRY CHEWY,
OH, AND, UH...
ONE OF THESE
AND TWO OF THOSE,
MOST OF THESE.
DO YOU HAVE ANY MORE
OF THESE IN THE BACK?
NO?
THEN I'LL JUST TAKE THIS.
OH, WAIT.
IS THIS PEANUT?
I DON'T LIKE PEANUT.
OOH, A NEW LARGER BOX.
SCORE.
AND A DIET ROOT BEER.
AND...
THAT SHOULD DO HER.
- $8.02.
- SERIOUSLY?
I ONLY HAVE $8.
UH, SPOT ME TWO CENTS?
- HMM.
- SORRY, LITTLE DUDES.
I JUST COULDN'T MAKE IT WORK.
[tires squeal]
- YOU TWO.
ARE YOU GONNA PAY
FOR THOSE FROSTY FREEZY FREEZES,
OR WHAT?
[door chimes]
- I'M HERE FOR WORK.
YOU'RE GOING DOWN,
CHIMP CHOMP.
DOWN.
HEY, LENNY,
WANT TO CLOCK IN FOR ME?
- [groans]
BUT I'M ASSISTANT MANAGER.
HE WORKS FOR ME.
- [gasps]
LOOK AT ALL OF BOOG'S QUARTERS.
ALL WE NEED TO DO
IS GRAB SOME.
- BUT THAT WILL MAKE US
STEALERS.
- IT'S BOOG.
THIS IS GONNA BE GREAT.
- [whistles]
[laughs]
- MM.
[tapping at window]
- HE-HE-HE-HE.
AAH!
- [laughs]
- YOU SEE WHAT I'M SAYING?
THOSE ARE OUR QUARTERS.
- CHOMP IT.
CHOMP IT, YOU CHIMP.
- AH!
- AAH!
- NOW, I KNOW YOU TWO
WEREN'T REALLY
GONNA TAKE MY QUARTERS,
WERE YOU?
- [babbling]
- [mocking babble]
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
YOU'RE LUCKY
MY CARPAL TUNNEL'S ACTING UP,
OR IT WOULD BE SO ON.
- WHOA!
- AAH!
crash!
- HEY, I'M GOING ON BREAK.
YOU CAN BRING MY BURRITO
TO THE BATHROOM.
- [whimpering]
- THEY'RE GONNA SEND US
TO JAIL.
I'M NOT GOOD IN JAIL,
'CAUSE THERE'S NO NIGHT-LIGHTS.
- SHH.
LISTEN, LISTEN.
GET YOURSELF TOGETHER.
WE ARE GONNA GET OUT OF US.
THERE HAS TO BE
ONE LAST THING WE CAN TRY.
WE JUST HAVE TO THINK.
[gasps]
I'VE GOT IT!
WHAT IF ONE OF US WENT HOME...
- OKAY.
- HE DIDN'T HEAR
THE REST OF THE PLAN.
- I'M WAITING
FOR MY DOLLAR.
- THERE'S THE DOOR, FANBOY.
JUST TAKE IT.
MAKE A RUN FOR IT.
IT'S YOUR ONLY CHANCE.
BUT THEN YOU'LL BE A STEALER.
AND STEALING IS BAD.
YOU'LL BE A CRIMINAL
LIVING ON THE RUN,
HIDING IN THE SHADOWS,
A WANTED MAN.
THAT'S NO KIND OF LIFE.
BUT WHAT CHOICE DO YOU HAVE?
YOU'LL PLAY
THE CARDS YOU'RE DEALT.
YOU'LL HAVE TO CHANGE YOUR NAME,
OF COURSE.
SOMETHING TOUGH.
LIKE BLADE.
OOH, OR KENNY.
YEAH, NOBODY MESSES WITH KENNY.
OKAY, NOW YOU'RE JUST STALLING.
IT'S TIME TO MAKE YOUR MOVE.
BUT PLAY IT COOL.
DON'T AROUSE SUSPICION.
WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-
WHA-WHA-WHA
WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA
WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA--
[squeaking]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [whirs]
COME WITH ME
IF YOU WANT TO PAY.
- I-I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
- I AM THE DOLLAR-NATOR.
YOU SENT ME FROM THE FUTURE...
WITH A DOLLAR.
- FROM THE FUTURE?
OH, YEAH,
THAT SOUNDS ABOUT RIGHT.
- WHY AM I NOT SURPRISED?
- FOR THE FROSTY FREEZY FREEZES.
[beeps and whirs]
OH, YOU HAVE
STRAWBERRY FUN FINGERS?
- EH, HEH, AHEM.
- JUST THE DRINKS.
- I BELIEVE THIS CONCLUDES
OUR TRANSACTION.
ALWAYS A PLEASURE, LEONARD.
SEE YOU TOMORROW.
- NOT IF I QUIT.
- 3:00 IT IS.
[door chimes]
SO I BUILT YOU, HUH?
COOL.
IN THE FUTURE,
I MUST BE SOME KIND
OF GENIUS ROBOT DESIGNER.
SO WHAT DID I USE
TO MAKE YOU?
- I AM BUILT
OUT OF BROKEN VIDEO GAMES,
A MICROWAVE OVEN,
AND A RESTAURANT-GRADE
HOT DOG STEAMER.
CARE FOR A CHILI CHEESE?
[groans]
ding!
- WOW.
YOU ARE AWESOME, DOLLAR-NATOR.
[gulps]
DO YOU MIND IF I TRY SOMETHING?
- AS YOU WISH.
thump!
[electronic music plays]
- YES!
A ROBOT PIÑATA.
EXACTLY AS I PLANNED.
- I MADE CANDY!
- WHOO-HOO!
[laughs]
[melodic whistling]
- WHOA!
[quirky electronic music]
♪ ♪
[melodic whistling]
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com
[kids laughing]